Migrate public team documentation to new location (#2506)
18F/cg-site: _docs/ops/moved.md

  - /docs/ops/runbook/importing-creds/
  - /docs/ops/runbook/moved/
  - /docs/ops/runbook/restoring-rds/
  - /docs/ops/runbook/rotating-bosh/
  - /docs/ops/runbook/rotating-cloudfoundry-diego/
  - /docs/ops/runbook/rotating-concourse/
  - /docs/ops/runbook/rotating-iam-users/
  - /docs/ops/runbook/rotating-secrets/
  - /docs/ops/runbook/rotating-smtp/
  - /docs/ops/runbook/suspending-orgs/
  - /docs/ops/runbook/troubleshooting-bosh/
  - /docs/ops/runbook/troubleshooting-logsearch/
  - /docs/ops/runbook/troubleshooting-nessus/
  - /docs/ops/runbook/troubleshooting-smtp/
  - /docs/ops/runbook/troubleshooting-snort/
  - /docs/ops/runbook/upgrading-aws-es/
  - /docs/ops/secrets/
  - /docs/ops/security-ir/
  - /docs/ops/service-credential-rotation/
  - /docs/ops/service-disruption-guide/
  - /docs/ops/services/
  - /docs/ops/setting-up-a-local-development-environment/
  - /docs/ops/system-tooling-overview/
  - /docs/ops/tls-certs/
  - /docs/ops/updating-cf/
  - /docs/overview/portfolio-analysis/
  - /docs/intro/security/auditing-contributing-security
  - /intro/security/auditing-contributing-security
  - /docs/ops/aws-accounts/
  - /docs/ops/security-ir-checklist/

---

> To reduce confusion about our public documentation and to continue evolving our security practices, the cloud.gov team has moved these docs to a private location. If you are part of a team in government who previously referenced this documentation or you have questions about how we work, please reach out to [support@cloud.gov](mailto:support@cloud.gov).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To reduce confusion about our public documentation and to continue evolving our security practices, the cloud.gov team has moved these docs to a private location. If you are part of a team in government who previously referenced this documentation or you have questions about how we work, please reach out to [{{ site.support_email_address }}]({{ site.support_email }}).
```
